pip install asyncqt - asyncqt is an implementation of the PEP 3156 event-loop with Qt. This package is a fork of quamash
focusing on modern Python versions, with some extra utilities, examples and simplified CI.


pip install PySide2 - PySide2 is the official Python module from the Qt for Python project, which provides access to the complete Qt 5.12+ framework.
The Qt for Python project is developed in the open, with all facilities you'd expect from any modern OSS project such as all code in a git repository and an open design process. We welcome any contribution conforming to the Qt Contribution Agreement.


pip install shiboken2 - The purpose of the shiboken2 Python module is to access information related to the binding generation that could be used to integrate C++ programs to Python, or even to get useful information to debug an application.
Mostly the idea is to interact with Shiboken objects, where one can check if it is valid, or if the generated Python wrapper is invalid after the underlying C++ object has been destroyed.
More information on the available functions can be found in our official documentation


pip install Twisted - wisted is an event-based framework for internet applications, supporting Python 3.6+. It includes modules for many different purposes, including the following:
twisted.web: HTTP clients and servers, HTML templating, and a WSGI server
twisted.conch: SSHv2 and Telnet clients and servers and terminal emulators
twisted.words: Clients and servers for IRC, XMPP, and other IM protocols
twisted.mail: IMAPv4, POP3, SMTP clients and servers
twisted.positioning: Tools for communicating with NMEA-compatible GPS receivers
twisted.names: DNS client and tools for making your own DNS servers
twisted.trial: A unit testing framework that integrates well with Twisted-based code.
Twisted supports all major system event loops – select (all platforms), poll (most POSIX platforms), epoll (Linux), kqueue (FreeBSD, macOS), IOCP (Windows), and various GUI event loops (GTK+2/3, Qt, wxWidgets). Third-party reactors can plug into Twisted, and provide support for additional event loops.